NAMESPACE                    NAME                                          TYPE           CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP     PORT(S)                                                 AGE
dados                        tcb-trino                                     ClusterIP      10.245.150.66    <none>          8080/TCP                                                3d
default                      echoserver                                    ClusterIP      10.245.36.214    <none>          8080/TCP                                                174d
default                      efreshtestdb                                  ClusterIP      None             <none>          1521/TCP                                                2y50d
default                      hsm                                           ClusterIP      10.245.197.34    <none>          1500/TCP                                                120d
default                      keycloak                                      ClusterIP      None             <none>          80/TCP                                                  2y18d
default                      kubernetes                                    ClusterIP      10.245.0.1       <none>          443/TCP                                                 2y132d
default                      mongodb                                       ClusterIP      None             <none>          27017/TCP                                               2y76d
default                      mysql                                         ClusterIP      10.245.92.24     <none>          3306/TCP                                                314d
default                      mysql-headless                                ClusterIP      None             <none>          3306/TCP                                                314d
default                      nats                                          ClusterIP      None             <none>          4222/TCP,6222/TCP,8222/TCP,7777/TCP,7422/TCP,7522/TCP   2y20d
default                      shipay-proxy                                  ClusterIP      10.245.77.164    <none>          443/TCP                                                 29d
default                      stan                                          ClusterIP      None             <none>          7777/TCP                                                2y20d
default                      vooo-proxy                                    ClusterIP      10.245.141.16    <none>          443/TCP                                                 367d
default                      vspague-db                                    ClusterIP      10.245.132.227   <none>          1521/TCP                                                321d
gitlab-auth-server           production-auto-deploy                        ClusterIP      10.245.191.34    <none>          5000/TCP                                                126d
gitlab-cadastro              production-auto-deploy                        ClusterIP      10.245.123.227   <none>          5000/TCP                                                112d
gitlab-caweb-integrations    production-auto-deploy                        ClusterIP      10.245.22.87     <none>          5000/TCP                                                126d
gitlab-caweb                 production-auto-deploy                        ClusterIP      10.245.185.126   <none>          5000/TCP                                                126d
gitlab-caweb                 review-create-sto-yu2sj4-auto-deploy          ClusterIP      10.245.89.135    <none>          5000/TCP                                                79d
gitlab-caweb                 review-eprod-814-120b6g-auto-deploy           ClusterIP      10.245.69.7      <none>          5000/TCP                                                58d
gitlab-caweb                 review-feature-lo-5gqlht-auto-deploy          ClusterIP      10.245.115.101   <none>          5000/TCP                                                64d
gitlab-caweb                 review-fix-user-p-7fai0m-auto-deploy          ClusterIP      10.245.183.58    <none>          5000/TCP                                                86d
gitlab-caweb                 review-update-sto-g255xu-auto-deploy          ClusterIP      10.245.24.222    <none>          5000/TCP                                                44d
gitlab-key-translator        production-auto-deploy                        ClusterIP      10.245.254.104   <none>          5000/TCP                                                120d
gitlab-managed-apps          certmanager-cert-manager                      ClusterIP      10.245.9.22      <none>          9402/TCP                                                128d
gitlab-managed-apps          certmanager-cert-manager-webhook              ClusterIP      10.245.250.0     <none>          443/TCP                                                 128d
gitlab-managed-apps          ingress-ingress-nginx-controller              LoadBalancer   10.245.113.140   157.230.72.84   80:30698/TCP,443:31101/TCP                              128d
gitlab-managed-apps          ingress-ingress-nginx-controller-admission    ClusterIP      10.245.212.126   <none>          443/TCP                                                 128d
gitlab-managed-apps          ingress-ingress-nginx-controller-metrics      ClusterIP      10.245.15.120    <none>          10254/TCP                                               128d
gitlab-nataxa                production-auto-deploy                        ClusterIP      10.245.239.21    <none>          5000/TCP                                                127d
gitlab-nataxa                review-fix-logs-5x42zs-auto-deploy            ClusterIP      10.245.246.190   <none>          5000/TCP                                                112d
gitlab-nataxa                review-multiplasa-f3f2h6-auto-deploy          ClusterIP      10.245.106.47    <none>          5000/TCP                                                3d17h
gitlab-notification          production-auto-deploy                        ClusterIP      10.245.181.9     <none>          5000/TCP                                                126d
gitlab-vspague-db-api        production-auto-deploy                        ClusterIP      10.245.157.187   <none>          5000/TCP                                                126d
gitlab-zendesk-integration   production-auto-deploy                        ClusterIP      10.245.139.129   <none>          5000/TCP                                                126d
kube-system                  kube-dns                                      ClusterIP      10.245.0.10      <none>          53/UDP,53/TCP,9153/TCP                                  2y132d
kube-system                  metrics-server                                ClusterIP      10.245.218.230   <none>          443/TCP                                                 2y53d
kubeapps                     kubeapps-auth-proxy                           ClusterIP      10.245.35.244    <none>          3000/TCP                                                639d
loki                         gitlab-ci-pipelines-exporter                  ClusterIP      10.245.217.144   <none>          8080/TCP                                                562d
loki                         gitlab-ci-pipelines-exporter-redis-headless   ClusterIP      None             <none>          6379/TCP                                                562d
loki                         gitlab-ci-pipelines-exporter-redis-master     ClusterIP      10.245.158.225   <none>          6379/TCP                                                562d
loki                         loki                                          ClusterIP      10.245.197.5     <none>          3100/TCP                                                618d
loki                         loki-grafana                                  ClusterIP      10.245.9.239     <none>          80/TCP                                                  618d
loki                         loki-headless                                 ClusterIP      None             <none>          3100/TCP                                                618d
loki                         loki-kube-state-metrics                       ClusterIP      10.245.39.44     <none>          8080/TCP                                                618d
loki                         loki-prometheus-alertmanager                  ClusterIP      10.245.151.247   <none>          80/TCP                                                  618d
loki                         loki-prometheus-node-exporter                 ClusterIP      None             <none>          9100/TCP                                                618d
loki                         loki-prometheus-pushgateway                   ClusterIP      10.245.47.47     <none>          9091/TCP                                                618d
loki                         loki-prometheus-server                        ClusterIP      10.245.127.195   <none>          80/TCP                                                  618d
rundeck                      rundeck                                       ClusterIP      10.245.67.129    <none>          80/TCP                                                  666d
sonarqube                    sonarqube-postgresql                          ClusterIP      10.245.128.225   <none>          5432/TCP                                                701d
sonarqube                    sonarqube-postgresql-headless                 ClusterIP      None             <none>          5432/TCP                                                701d
sonarqube                    sonarqube-sonarqube                           ClusterIP      10.245.71.30     <none>          9000/TCP                                                701d
